[BZ1980770] Add new IBM Z post install assembly (#53403)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ibmz-configure-devices-manually.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * post-installation-configuration/ibmz-post-install.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configure-additional-devices-manually_{context}"]
= Configuring additional devices manually 

Tasks in this section describe how to manually configure additional devices in an {ibmzProductName} or LinuxONE environment. This configuration method is persistent over node restarts but not {product-title} native and you need to redo the steps if you replace the node.

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in to the cluster as a user with administrative privileges.
* The device must be available to the node.
* In a z/VM environment, the device must be attached to the z/VM guest.

.Procedure

> . Connect to the node via ssh:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Connect to the node via SSH:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ ssh <user>@<node_ip_address>
----
+

> Or start a debug session to the node: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also start a debug session to the node: 
```
